# Portfolio Template for MUSA

This is a template for a portfolio website for MUSA students. It borrows some styles from the [Urban Spatial Analytics](https://www.design.upenn.edu/urban-spatial-analytics) website, and provides the following sections out of the box:

- **About Me:** You can use this space for a headshot, a short bio and/or work statement, and links to your GitHub and social media profiles. You can also include contact informatin (email address) here.
- **Projects:** This section is for your projects. You can add as many as you want, and they will be displayed in a grid. Each project can have a title, an image, a short description, a link to the project's GitHub repository, and a link to the project's website (if applicable). You can also add longer project descriptions, which will be displayed on a separate page. This can be useful when the there are particular parts of the work that you want to highlight that may not be immediately apparent from the project's website.
- **Resume:** This section is for your resume. You can upload a PDF of your resume, and it will be displayed in an iframe. You can also add a link to a PDF of your resume, which will be displayed as a button.
- **Blog:** This section is for your blog posts. You can add as many as you want, and they will be displayed in a grid. Each blog post can have a title, an image, a short description, and a link to the post's website (if applicable). You can also add longer blog post descriptions, which will be displayed on a separate page. This can be useful when the there are particular parts of the work that you want to highlight that may not be immediately apparent from the post's website.